Manual instrumentation support - Phase 1 (#523)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Manual instrumentation support - Phase 1 ([#523]https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/523)

Reviewer: This needs to be updated to describe to the end user the functionality added. Ideally it will include the CLI flag when added and describe the details of its use.

Author: Updated

> - Manual instrumentation support - Phase 1. Adding cli flag named `global-impl` that allows to record telemetry from the OpenTelemetry default global implementation. ([#523]https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/523)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The CLI flag `global-impl` is added.
  This flag, when used, enables the instrumentation of the OpenTelemetry default global implementation (https://pkg.go.dev/go.opentelemetry.io/otel).
  This means that all trace telemetry from this implementation that would normally be dropped will instead be recorded with the auto-instrumentation pipeline. ([#523]https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/523)
```
